To the Mars not moon buddy🤗
Hello mate how are you
We must be more enthusiastic
always Suuport This project
I am so glad to join this community...
try hard friends
Where are you from?
You are welcome
Noted 
Thanks for the ISkra.much  love
so keep supporting guysss
Awesome project
Keep spirit buddy to the moon 🚀 With Iskra  Project Keep spirit buddy to the moon
Go go to moon
If you’re not happy about how you look,
Welcome bro
Hi there!
this project is growing exetremely fast
I back in few minutes fam
What happened?
Wow, the growth of this project is truly impressive!This project is on a fast track to success!
I'm excited to be part of a project that's growing so quickly.
hi guys how are you
The speed of growth for this project is beyond impressive
Bery excited to
The momentum behind this project is incredible!
hi friends how are you
I'm blown away by how fast this project is gaining traction.
Cool, what's up?
It's inspiring to see how fast this project is making an impact.
Thank you mate, let's goo
bullish on This Project
Good TOKEN Iskra
Continue guys
How are you doing these days?
This project is definitely on the fast lane to greatness!
go goo go
This project is quickly becoming a force to be reckoned with.
welcome on the board everyone 
take coffe first guys and active again :check1: 
Dnt be arrogant bro, clown still clown
no time to sleep hahahahaha to this iskra community
bro , how many love do you have in your wallet?
IskraaF goin viral today
Iskra give you happy now guys
Who is the CEO of Iskra? answer : Eugene Lee hope this help
Welcome here guys on iskra community
What do you call Iskra's NFT that lets you operate a node? : Answer PIONEER NFT hope this help
What is Iskra's native token? : Answer : ISK hope this help
Which CEX is Iskra's native token currently listed? ? answer : Gate hope this help
When was Iskra's Twitter launched? answer : April 2022 hope this help
Which blockchain does Iskra work on? answer : Klytn  hope this help
